good morning it's Ruby and welcome to
vlogmas day 9c today we are leaving
Copenhagen it's Sunday and we need to be
out of the apartment in about half an
hour I'm gonna give you a very quick
apartment tall walls we're here because
it's such a beautiful apartment I'm just
packing at the moment which is why
things are a little bit messy I'm just
deciding whether to add these shoes or
these shoes and I think I'm gonna either
use even though they don't really go
just because it's easier to pack okay so
we're heading down a literally now dad's
going down but I want to quickly give
you a quick apartment tour say this is
one of the bathrooms there are two
bathrooms and then this is the room that
my parents had it's just such a
beautiful minimalist design in love it
and then all of the wardrobes are in
this corridor here we didn't use these
ones the one that I used was this one I
left the door open and then there's a
picture of a car there this is my room
and that is a hope that my towels as
well and this beautiful balcony out here
too which I didn't use because it was so
cold
there's a bath another bathroom in there
but I think my sister's in that and then
this is the kitchen
[Music]
Oh turn here at the airport we've got
two hours before our plane we were just
have Burger King how did you have mother
onion rings that's how you get all the
guys and a milkshake an Oreo milkshake
and some curly fries
they were dad but we ate some of them so
I had some curly fries mom had chicken
and dad had a massive burger he was like
I'll just have a double whopper please
and he and he got curly fries for
himself but then we ended up either
[Music]
can you move to the side not the
this is really
all the glory of the cameras that you
can have it out
[Music]
no big biased or anything for anything
you should check out off this channel
that's another really good channel which
you should check out if you want to look
more into our trip to Copenhagen which
channel is that mother
she had the windows so I'm currently
facetiming room
we've just been chatting about what are
you chatting about like just basically
loads and loads and loads okay so it's
currently ten past eight
I was just video chatting rube so are
five winners for the anti-bullying song
competition and Roo was one of them so
for each of the winners I am video
chatting them getting to the know them a
little bit before I write them a letter
and send them a personalized book
recommendation and it was just so lovely
to chat with Russia was so so lovely so
inspiring as well as a person well I've
made some dinner
I'm just gonna quickly heat it up a bit
and then I am going to eat and then I'm
going to do a little bit of work but I'm
not going to do that much it's 8 o'clock
already and I'm cuts kind of gone in
superb by 9:30 years so I'm gonna do
some work get an early night so I can
start work earlier tomorrow today and
yesterday's vlog have been just so
boring I just haven't been vlogging I'm
so so sorry but nonetheless thank you so
much for watching this video I hope that
you enjoyed it and have a productive
week